# Test plan 04-04-2025
## Goal of the test
In this playtest I want to figure out the following:
-	If the orientation of the game is correct.
-	If the UI elements are big enough.
-	If the players know what to do.
-	If the perspective is positively received.
-	If the UI elements of the game are responsive.
## Target group
My user group is the general public, but in this playtest I will be testing with a target group of around 18-28 years of age, who have played games before. These are game design students, so their feedback can also be useful. 
## Test execution
1.	Let players play and observe if:
-	The players know what the objective is.
-	The players can easily use the controls.

2.	Ask some questions afterwards.
   
Questions will be as follows:
1.	What did you think about the perspective used in the game?
2.	How do the controls feel?
3.	Was the objective obvious?
4.	Did the orientation of the game feel correct or do you think it would work better in portrait mode?
5.	What would you like to see added to the game?
6.	Was it obvious when you were hit?
   
Questions in Dutch:
1.	Wat vond je van het perspectief wat gebruikt werd in de game?
2.	Hoe voelde de controls aan?
3.	Was het duidelijk wat je moest doen?
4.	Voelde de oriëntatie van de game goed of denk je dat het beter zou werken in portret modes?
5.	Wat zou je graag toegevoegd willen hebben aan de game?
6.	Was het duidelijk wanneer je geraakt werd?

 
## Results
### Play tester 1 
Began walking around, then naturally went up to enemies and attacked them after seeing that they did damage and easily used the controls on keyboard. The controls on mobile where buggy, but they were able to use them to complete the game.
1.	I like it, because you can see where things are. I can better see where I go.
2.	Smooth, it’s good. (played on keyboard)
3.	The objective is to kill the king.
4.	I like the landscape mode, the portrait mode would minimize the screen too much
5.	Easter eggs / 2 to 3 levels instead of 1.
6.	Yes.
### Play tester 2
Began walking around, immediately started killing enemies. When king was noticed, they attacked straight away. Controls on keyboard were good, but they struggled a lot with the movement on mobile. They noted that there might be some code issues with regard to the movement on mobile.
1.	Top-down is fine, geen bezwaar. Ik zie dat wel werken voor de game. Voelt wel een beetje flash game aan.
2.	Op pc voelde de controls natuurlijk (ook op mobile). De attack voelde sluggish/sloom, verder was het wel fine.
3.	Nee, objective was volgens mij: kill iedereen.
4.	Landscape is goed, portret zouden de controls te krap zijn.
5.	Hp zichtbaar / vision cones voor stealth / stealth toggle / puzzle mechanics (zeer light, niet de focus).
6.	Ja, maar nee. Als in: het was heel slecht zichtbaar. Was noticable als je er op letten. Wanneer healthbar dan duidelijker. Slight knockback zou ook helpen.
Play tester 3: Began walking around, killed enemies immediately. Struggled with mobile controls.
1.	It’s fine, not a fan of true top-down. It leaves me too detached.
2.	The range of the joystick feels to small on mobile. Button placement is fine.
3.	By way of the name: kill people.
4.	For long levels: landscape, for short portrait.
5.	HUD. How many enemies left, objective, possible time limit (if applicable)
6.	Yes, because flickering.
